I have three things that I love in my life,
which is games, communication and cars.
Self-driving cars for me, it's an X-ray thing.
So there's already self-driving cars on the road today.
I drive in one every day and I'd have to say,
I can never go back.
Is something very magical, right about software controlling a two ton vehicle.
I think that one thing that I would be really excited about,
is being able to build autonomous vehicles for space exploration.
Then I heard about the self-driving Car Nanodegree and I signed up right away.
There's a huge talent shortage in the self-driving car space.
All these companies doing development work and
not enough engineers who are able to fill those roles.
Lessons really help me in the Udacity Course,
jump into this industry and learn the basics of how everything works.
It's all about building.
You're not just learning in isolation.
It's not just research,
it's actual code that you're writing.
We're working with over 200 different partners from card companies,
truck company, shuttle companies,
software startups, as well as ride sharing services,
who are all looking for talent that can help them bring their products to market.
Self-driving cars to me at this, the ultimate product.
It changes arguably the biggest market on the planet.
It levels the playing field of individuals
to now have access to safe affordable, reliable transportation.
So when I think about what I want to spend the next decade or so of my life working on,
moving a two ton vehicle around the world autonomously,
ranks that at the very top.